docs: revise 1.0 release notes (#3547)
DataDog/dd-trace-py: docs/advanced_usage.rst

.. _upgrade-0.x:

Upgrading from 0.x to 1.x
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

As of v0.60.0, you can enable warning filters for ddtrace library deprecations.

To identify the deprecated environment variables, search a code base for the following patterns::

    git grep -e "DATADOG_[A-Z_]*" \
      -e "DATADOG_SERVICE_NAME" \
      -e "DD_CALL_BASIC_CONFIG" \
      -e "DD_LOGGING_RATE_LIMIT" \
      -e "DD_SERVICE_NAME" \
      -e "DD_TRACER_PARTIAL_FLUSH_ENABLED" \

>       -e "DD_TRACER_PARTIAL_FLUSH_MIN_SPANS"

Reviewer: Should this come after the pytest/warnings stuff? or before L312?

Basically it reads as: "You can not enable warnings, here is how to grep for env variable usage"

Author: Fair point

.. _upgrade-0.x:

Upgrading from 0.x to 1.x
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

> 

Reviewer 2: Should we basically say that you need to upgrade to 0.60 as a prerequisite? Most of the following instructions only apply to that version.

Author: With enabling all deprecation warnings and grepping for environment variables, upgrading to 0.60 is not a requirement. In the 1.0 release notes we make it more clear our recommendation to upgrade to 0.60. This section is more for guidance on how to migrate, whether you can upgrade to 0.60 or not.

> As of v0.60.0, you can use warning filters for ``ddtrace.DDTraceDeprecationWarning`` to update your code.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
As of v0.60.0, you can use warning filters for ``ddtrace.DDTraceDeprecationWarning`` to find and replace usages of deprecated features.
```

wording sounded a little off before
